1. The Chennakeshava temple, Belur, Karnataka, Bharat
bhishma pitamaha lying on bed of arrows
2. Ramappa Temple dating back to 1213 AD - High heels, Earthquake proof, minute holes
3. Statue of Sushruta, Father of Indian medicine on Display in Royal Australasian college of surgeons
, melbourne. The sushruta Samhita is among the most important ancient medical treatises and is one
of the fundamental texts of the medical tradition in Indian along with the Charak Samhita
4. Bhagwan Narsimha on a pillar at Kaiyuan Temple, GANZHOU, CHINA
The architectural Marvels created by our Great Ancestors
5. 400 Feet taller beauty created 300 Years Prior to this European Marvel. Indian creation
9th century, european creation 12th century
6. Samudra Manthan Thailand airport
7. Delhi Iron pillar aged over 2300 Years But still not rusting
The Eiffe Tower aged over 83 years, Lots of maintenance is done to prevent rusting
8. Pamban Bridge, Rameswaram - A visual beauty
9. Largest man made OM Symbol in the world
10. Baudhayana sutra in yajur veda
11. mysteriously growing shivling - Matangeshwar temple, madhya pradesh
12. Ramappa temple , telangana
13. Amazing Scientists: Brahmagupta, Aryabhatta, Varahamihira, Kanad
The timeless beauties that survived centuries of destruction
14. Politicians outside bharat following Bhagwat growing Gita diligently
15. Ancient astronauts, 12th century HoySaleswara temple Karnataka
16. Rocket warfare depicted in 12th century HoySaleswara temple Karnataka
17. Ancient telescope depicted in 12th century HoySaleswara temple Karnataka
18. The mines of rajasthan have given definite evidence of zinc production going back
to 6th century back
19. In Bhrigu Samhita, 3 types of transportation are mentioned (on road, on water and in sky)
20. World's largest Bhagwat gita - Isckon, New Delhi, Bharat
21. Pingala - Indian mathemematician
Pascal's triangle - Named after French mathemematician Blaise Pascal(1600)
Meru prastara - Derived from Pingala's formula (300 BCE)
Sushrut: World's First surgeon Wrote Sushrut Samhita 5000 years ago. Described 1200
 types of Diseases and cures
 22. BakhShali Manuscript - Dating back to 3rd Century BC
 Ancient hindu treatise on arithmetic and algebra
 23. Surrogacy in hindu scriptures, Birth of lord balaram, 7th child of Devaki andVasudeva
 hapened by transferring embryo to womb of rohini(Vasudev's first wife)
 24. Embryo development stages desscribed in Chapter 31, Bhagavata Mahapurana
 25. Shalihotra samhita - Composed in 3rd century BCE. Early Indian treatise on veterinary
 medicine(hippiatrics)
 26. Vaikuntha Hill and Garuda hill (Tirupati) with Noticeable Shapes of Lord and his vehicle.
 27. Cholagangam Lake - India's largest ancient manmade lake in India
 28. Musical pillars- Nellaiappar Temple, Tamilnadu. Each pillar made out of a single Rock.
 When Tapped, the pillars produce sounds of 7 classical musical notes.
 29. Ancient indian telescope - suryakant mani, chandrakant mani
 30. Indus Valley Civilization (8000 yrs old), cities contained well organized wastewater
 drainage systems, trash collection systems, and possibly even public granaries and baths.
 31. Space Suits: Maharishi bharadwaj in Yantra sarvasva writes about space suits
 detailing the materials used for making them. These special suits were made not just of cotton
 or silk but also fibres from underwater plants
 32. Evolution process described in Vishnu purana thousands of years ago
 Evolution according to Dashavatar(Matsya avatar, Kurma Avtar, Varah,
  Narasimha,Vaman, parshuram, ram)
 33. Tapkeshwar mahadev temple, Dehradun, bharat, Water droplets continuously drop on 
 the shivling from an unknown water source
 34. Sringeri's Vidya Shankara temple has 12 pillars inside with 12 solar month
 symbols on them. Each morning, when sun rays enter, they hit one specific pillar indicating
 which month of the calendar it is.
 35. Rishi Kanada discussed water cycle in detail 4000 years ago. mentioning evaporation,
 transpiration, condensation, precipitation and collection systematically just 
 in 4 sutras
 36. Nagarjuna, well known name in metallurgy, chemistry and alchemy. He conducted Notable
 experiments for transforming base elements into gold.
 37. Varaha Mihira, astronomer, mathemetician and astrologer of 1st century BCE was first 
 to discover ' Water on Mars'.
 38. Prosthesis in Rig Veda: "Sodao
























